KOGITO-7612 - [Kogito Guides] Implement gRPC streaming scenarios (#87)
kiegroup/kogito-docs: serverlessworkflow/modules/ROOT/pages/service-orchestration/orchestration-of-grpc-services.adoc

For information about gRPC concepts, see link:{grpc_core_url}[gRPC].

In order to illustrate how gRPC integration works, this link:{grpc_example_url}/serverless-workflow-greeting-client-rpc-quarkus[Serverless Workflow application] is used. This example greets a user in their preferred language by invoking a gRPC service.

Relevant files of this Workflow Application are:

* link:{grpc_example_url}/serverless-workflow-greeting-server-rpc-quarkus/src/main/proto/greeting.proto[gRPC proto file]:

This file defines a greeter service, which consists of sayHello methods, each covering a different gRPC scenario:

> 1. The `sayHello` method accepts two parameters, including name of the user and an optional language to use in the greeting message (English by default). The `sayHello` method returns the greeting message in the appropriate language.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `sayHello` method accepts two parameters, including the name of the user and an optional language to use in the greeting message (English by default). The `sayHello` method returns the greeting message in the appropriate language.
```

> 2. The `SayHelloAllLanguages` accepts just the name parameter and streams greetings in all languages supported by the service. This represents the server-side streaming scenario.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `SayHelloAllLanguages` accepts the name parameter and streams greetings in all languages supported by the service. This represents the server-side streaming scenario.
```

> 3. The `SayHelloMultipleLanguagesAtOnce` accepts a stream of name-language pairs as parameters and returns corresponding greetings as one block of text after the streaming is finished. This is the client-side streaming scenario.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `SayHelloMultipleLanguagesAtOnce` accepts a stream of name-language pairs as parameters and returns corresponding greetings as one block of text after the streaming is finished. This is the client-side streaming scenario.
```

> 4. The `SayHelloMultipleLanguages` accepts a stream of name-language pairs and streams back greetings with a respective name and in a respective language.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `SayHelloMultipleLanguages` accepts a stream of name-language pairs and streams back greetings with a respective name and in a respective language.
```

Relevant files of this Workflow Application are:

* link:{grpc_example_url}/serverless-workflow-greeting-server-rpc-quarkus/src/main/proto/greeting.proto[gRPC proto file]:

This file defines a greeter service, which consists of sayHello methods, each covering a different gRPC scenario:

1. The `sayHello` method accepts two parameters, including name of the user and an optional language to use in the greeting message (English by default). The `sayHello` method returns the greeting message in the appropriate language.
2. The `SayHelloAllLanguages` accepts just the name parameter and streams greetings in all languages supported by the service. This represents the server-side streaming scenario.
3. The `SayHelloMultipleLanguagesAtOnce` accepts a stream of name-language pairs as parameters and returns corresponding greetings as one block of text after the streaming is finished. This is the client-side streaming scenario.
4. The `SayHelloMultipleLanguages` accepts a stream of name-language pairs and streams back greetings with a respective name and in a respective language.

> 5. The `SayHelloMultipleLanguagesError` is the same as before but is used just for testing purposes. It is not relevant for this guide.

Reviewer 2: If it is not relavant for this guide, we can skip mentioning it. 
We are not describing the proto, just mentioning those things in the proto which are relevant to the guide

Author: Fixed.

----

In the previous example, the action invokes the `sayHello` RPC method using two model variables: `name` and `language`. These parameters are provided as part of the REST call that starts the workflow.
The response of the method execution is link:{grpc_json_mapping}[mapped] to a JSON object and merged with the workflow model.

> For the remaining scenarios, have a look at the other workflow definition files:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the remaining scenarios, see the following workflow definition files:
```

In response, you will see the greeting in Spanish language.

=== Server-side streaming gRPC

> [source,shell]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Example request
[source,shell]
```

----
curl -X POST -H 'Content-Type:application/json' -H 'Accept:application/json' -d '{"workflowdata" : {"name": "John"}}' http://localhost:8080/jsongreetserverstream
----

> The answer should be similar to this one

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> [source,shell]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Example response
[source,shell]
```

----
{"id":"665911c5-36ee-40b7-93dd-a2328f969c73","workflowdata":{"name":"John","response":[{"message":"Hello from gRPC service John"},{"message":"Saludos desde gRPC service John"}]}}
----

=== Client-side streaming gRPC

> [source,shell]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Example request
[source,shell]
```

----
curl -X POST -H 'Content-Type:application/json' -H 'Accept:application/json' -d '{"workflowdata" : {
                                                                                                    "helloRequests" : [
                                                                                                                        {"name" : "Javierito", "language":"Spanish"},
                                                                                                                        {"name" : "John", "language":"English"},
                                                                                                                        {"name" : "Jan", "language":"Czech"}
                                                                                                                      ]}}' http://localhost:8080/jsongreetclientstream
----

> The answer should be similar to this one

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> [source,shell]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Example response
[source,shell]
```

----
{"id":"abece3f9-0797-4c10-a1f5-8f3929724689","workflowdata":{"helloRequests":[{"name":"Javierito","language":"Spanish"},{"name":"John","language":"English"},{"name":"Jan","language":"Czech"}],"message":"Saludos desde gRPC service Javierito\nHello from gRPC service John\nHello from gRPC service Jan"}}
----

=== Bidirectional streaming gRPC

> [source,shell]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Example request
[source,shell]
```

----
curl -X POST -H 'Content-Type:application/json' -H 'Accept:application/json' -d '{"workflowdata" : {
                                                                                                    "helloRequests" : [
                                                                                                                        {"name" : "Javierito", "language":"Spanish"},
                                                                                                                        {"name" : "John", "language":"English"},
                                                                                                                        {"name" : "Jan", "language":"Czech"}
                                                                                                                      ]}}' http://localhost:8080/jsongreetbidistream
----

> The answer should be similar to this one

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> [source,shell]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Example response
[source,shell]
```
